hi everyone um today I'll be talking
about the banana type a bag uh as you
can see our block about it and you can
read a bit of the history of how the
back comes about and how I became
popular and how girls are going crazy
for colors and recently I have a message
from Jamie from banana type in Malaysia
she asked me to review one of our bags
and I didn't know what banana Taipei was
done so i did some research about it and
i think at the end of the research i am
now officially a banana typing pen so i
received my banana type it back a few
days ago ah the courier came it was my
career for West Malaysia those who order
from East Malaysia yo p by post like you
so I have my back and guess what this is
my bag she is a yellow banana pie pivot
it's a much saught of the color
representing banana taipei obviously for
the banana color previously it was only
by you can only get it from the store
itself in taiwan so that's why it was
really popular the price was different
as well for yellow color banana thankee
bags so here is it my yellow banana
hockey bag isn't nice i am not a fan of
yellow but because a banana taipei i I
really adore my yellow banner vanity
stands out and yellow as you know is
creativity is bursting with ideas person
with passion dreams to achieve I think
is somewhat like me so I i would like to
thank Jamie for choosing this color for
me it's really awesome see this is a
front side in the flyer Virginia but
it's not a buggy and the psychs even
have printed on the breaking back the
back
it's oh so print the armed the next
slide and even at the bottom so as you
can see you'll be holding this outside
and from file looks like but came back
by chilis eco-friendly tote bag that you
can keep almost anything inside it's
really easy to bring world just
yesterday I dumped in my wallet my
camera and mineral water and a back up
their Chiefs I went well i watch movie
and I hang around the whole day just
with this bag was really convenient and
easy let me show you the inside it looks
like this so this is an authentic but
none that I pay back so there's a few
ways you can spoil it first with a
banana tigey tak the authenticity
numbers at the back the printer on flap
it's a pocket behind me in Taiwan
non-toxic hand me and that's chopped
yeah that's the original another way you
can spot where this origin lot is with
this tight cue the tacit aside and
another one is the printed bunny mark @
n here if you can see ya also other than
that you have the text to verify with
this from bananas I fear not see the
name and this type where it shows us
from Taiwan and hang one anymore
instructions about a bag and yeah when
you order this panel a piping bag you
get a sticker from banana Taipei Oh last
night stick him keep your bags nicely in
the cupboard and a manual guide yeah
this is the most important one to verify
with this origin or not oh let's see it
tells you about back how is me there's
only six bags producing me about one
hour
can you believe it and which explains
why is it so expensive and sought after
that's a serial code behind yeah you see
see your coat to show that yeah you own
original banana type it back and then
one more thing is yeah Jamie's distance
car she's a trusted seller online from
Malaysia so she's the one who approached
me to review about her back and I must
say if it wasn't for her I wouldn't know
that this base so much sought after and
it's now must happen every girl's
wardrobe and now sit in my wardrobe I'm
really happy to have fun a yellow banana
diaper bag I mean look how cool is hand
me the stitches are really nice no don't
go get fake ones you know that's
questionable one sellers online anyway
you can find google them you can see the
price different might be slightly just
about a few hundred or 450 off but make
sure they are authentic sellers like
Jamie you know some are just normal
cameras back printed on and that's it so
the things that you have to look for
whether it's original and why I'd say it
detects the marks the insides the flat
and this and make sure get stickers as
well in the bath back that really shows
is from Taiwan but I'm not thinking or a
now bye